Fix: solves an issue where non-ascii unicode values in a template were not handled correctly (#128)
logstash-plugins/logstash-filter-elasticsearch: CHANGELOG.md

## 3.7.1

>   - Fix: do not force binary encoding on template [#128](https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-filter-elasticsearch/pull/128)

Reviewer: Our changelog should hold the _WHY_, to empower people who are encountering problems to find which releases fix those problems.

```suggestion
  - Fix: solves an issue where non-ascii unicode values in a template were not handled correctly [#128](https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-filter-elasticsearch/pull/128)
```
